Use a 3 part Blue ocean admonition (#5307)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/doc/book/blueocean/_blue-ocean-status.adoc

Blue Ocean will continue to provide easy-to-use Pipeline visualization, but will not be enhanced further.
It will only receive selective updates for significant security issues or functional defects.

ifdef::pipeline-visualization-admonition[]
Alternative options for Pipeline visualization, such as the link:https://plugins.jenkins.io/pipeline-stage-view/[Pipeline: Stage View] and link:https://plugins.jenkins.io/pipeline-graph-view/[Pipeline Graph View] plugins, are available and offer some of the same functionality.
While not complete replacements for Blue Ocean, contributions are encouraged from the community for continued development of these plugins.
endif::[]

ifdef::pipeline-creation-admonition[]

> The link:/doc/book/pipeline/getting-started/#snippet-generator[Pipeline syntax snippet generator] guides users as they define Pipeline steps with their arguments.
> It is the preferred tool for Jenkins Pipeline creation.
> It uses the plugins installed on your Jenkins controller to generate the Pipeline syntax.
> It provides online help for the Pipeline steps available in your Jenkins controller.
> The link:/doc/pipeline/steps/[Pipeline steps reference] provides online help for all available Pipeline steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The link:/doc/book/pipeline/getting-started/#snippet-generator[Pipeline syntax snippet generator] assists users as they define Pipeline steps with their arguments.
It is the preferred tool for Jenkins Pipeline creation, as it provides online help for the Pipeline steps available in your Jenkins controller.
It uses the plugins installed on your Jenkins controller to generate the Pipeline syntax.
Refer to the link:/doc/pipeline/steps/[Pipeline steps reference] page for information on all available Pipeline steps.
```
